title: Case Study
link: http://blog.wangyaodi.com/2010/03/24/case-study/
creator: yorzi
description: 
post_id: 473
post_date: 2010-03-24 16:35:20
post_date_gmt: 2010-03-24 08:35:20
comment_status: open
post_name: case-study
status: private
post_type: post

# Case Study

JP, Sorry to bother you with a case as below (but I really don't like to delay the deliverables again and again): Please check out the deploy list: [http://www.eqenglish.com/board/sys/deployments](http://www.eqenglish.com/board/sys/deployments), So if all the involving work(UE/UI) is not finished, even though we kept updating this for several weeks(technically for one week), I still need to wait for the updates before the deployment. In this case, I think we can learn lots of lessons.. And I don't think we do the whole task correctly, what's your ideas? **Last Wednesday, I wrote the mail as below, but I was not sure what I realized is right or wrong, but now the mission is still delayed.** ============================================================================= _Wrote @March 24th 2010_ Unpaid user registration flow implementation is delayed a lot, that's obvious. In this case, honestly speaking, our job was so inefficient, because the way for working out the idea waste people too much time. We really push this mission incorrectly.. _CASE REPLAY:_ We started this refactoring topic before Spring Festival(02/01/2009?), I clearly remembered we spent nearly two weeks to discuss this, and worked several meetings to brainstorm the target. Then after Spring Festival, Noah spent two weeks to design the prototype, and buzz spent one week to fulfill the designing, and, I have about two days to catch up with all the changes in StudyCenter, that's okay to me. However what's the worst is even we planned to finish this mission before Tuesday(yesterday?), but we are now(Wednesday) still on the stage of designing the pages. Actually, if all the designing is finished, I still need one day to ensure the function and other integrations. That's so pushing me in this situation. On the other hand, we like to improve UE/UI by iteration on steps, but now we are somehow prevented by too much quick blaming on new designings.. The result now is, I had changed many code on Monday and Tuesday, but no other preparation(which was planned to be finished) was done when I was ready for the new registration flow. My application is a bit freezed by the messy changes. so awkward. My thoughts by learning from this case: 1> Once we have certain task in "push mode", let's balance the work load by clerifying "task relations and cross progress"(notice people how/why we delayed). 2> Don't let ideal UE prevent the progress and the process, specially let's implement it and get feedback and iterate quickly. 3> To be honest, registration flow/success story etc. all run a long time then expected, the reasons are: <a>it's complex.(but the discussion around it is more complex than the task itself). <b>waste too much time on freezing the clear solutions. <c>conflicts among UE/UI/Functions, the time coverage on these three parts are more or less something like "60/30/10" if it needs 100. I think the balance time/working load should be not like this. 4> We may need a real "product" manager to push the work correctly. I can feel the weakness of this kind of jobs circle clearly, just FYI. Thanks for your consistent encouragement on discussing teamwork/management, hope this feedback can help a little bit to speed up other progress in future.